create table recursos
(
id  integer not null,
id_funcionario integer not null,
formCadastroMarcas varchar(3),
formCadastroGrupos varchar(3),
formFormaPagamento varchar(3),
formTipoRetiradas varchar(3),
formConfigParcelas varchar(3),
formAtFuncionario varchar(3),
formCadContasAPagar varchar(3),
formCadProblemasFrequentes varchar(3),
formCadFornecedores varchar(3),
formCadTransportadora varchar(3),
formCadProdutos varchar(3),
formComFuncionarios varchar(3),
formCadDeFuncionarios varchar(3),
formCadSituacoesOrdem varchar(3),
formCadDeClientes varchar(3),
formEntDeProdutos varchar(3),
formSaidaDeProdutos varchar(3),
formOrdemServico varchar(3),
formCConsOrdemServico varchar(3),
formCadDeServicos varchar(3),
formCadEmpresa varchar(3),
formVendas varchar(3),
formNumParcelas varchar(3),
formQuitarParcVendas varchar(3),
formVisualizarVendas varchar(3),
formRelClientes varchar(3),
formRelHistoricoOS varchar(3),
formRelContasAReceberOS varchar(3),
formRelContasAReceberVenda varchar(3),
formRelParcelasPagasOS varchar(3),
formOSEstornadas varchar(3),
formRelVendasEstornadas varchar(3),
formRelContasAPagar varchar(3),
formRelReparosPorPeriodo varchar(3),
formRelatOSPorTecnico varchar(3),
formRelatOSPorStatus varchar(3),
formRelatOrdemDeServico varchar(3),
formRelatFornecedores varchar(3),
formRelatOSInadimplentes varchar(3),
formRelatDeProdutos varchar(3),
formRelatSituacaoDoEstoque varchar(3),
formRelatProdVendidos varchar(3),
formRelatVendas varchar(3),
formRelatVendasInadimp varchar(3),
formRelatServicosMaisRealiz varchar(3),
formRelatSaidaDeProdutos varchar(3),
formRelatEntrDeProdutos varchar(3),
formRelatVendasFuncionario varchar(3),
formRelatTransportadora varchar(3),
formIniciarCaixa varchar(3),
formEncerramentoCaixa varchar(3),
formReaberturaDeCaixa varchar(3),
formRetiradaDeValores varchar(3),
formRelatRetirDeValores varchar(3),
formComissoesTecnicos varchar(3),
formConfigConexaoBanco varchar(3),
formConfigBackUp varchar(3),
formBackUpManual varchar(3),
formRelatProblFrequentes varchar(3),
formRelatHistoricoCaixa varchar(3),
formQuitarParcelaOS varchar(3),
formMovimentacaoCaixa varchar(3),
estornar varchar(3),
adicionarParcela varchar(3),
excluirParcela varchar(3)
);